well howdy there internet people it's
well again so tonight we are going to do
a Q&A from questions from Twitter from a
couple of different tweets in the the
mailbox we're doing this because people
said that they couldn't always make it
to livestream and they have questions to
ask now I haven't actually a glanced at
them but I haven't looked through them
so you're gonna get off-the-cuff answers
as if it was a live stream why do you
always use gifts of women to express
your emotions that's what we're starting
with huh well if you don't know I'm not
gonna tell you now women are generally
generally more emotive in their
expressions so they're more clear that's
that's why I use it I guess I don't know
that's probably worthy of a
psychological study bow on the
off-chance you read this do you have any
thoughts on right-wing media spreading
stuff like this not necessarily focused
on this video in particular but rather
the trend of anti-intellectualism
that's a very strong current in the
United States there's the idea that your
opinion matters as much as the facts
they don't they don't yeah everybody has
a right to have an opinion everybody has
a right to say their opinion not every
opinion has a right to be heard a lot of
people express opinions that are just
irrelevant I mean that's a horrible
thing to say but it's true
a guy feeding you stuff on the
teleprompter from Fox or any of these
other networks it is what it is if
that's how you get your information and
you only trust a couple of outlets
you're only gonna get part of the story
you're only gonna be you're just gonna
be misinformed so yeah the right-wing
media does it the the left-wing media
does it to some degree they tend to be
more factual but only because their
viewers
are more open to new ideas and they get
caught faster I don't think it's an
ethical thing I think it's they just
they've learned not to do it getting
more and more requests to Train folks in
firearms never thought of it as a
business but it's taking a lot of my
time and I'm going to have to charge so
for safety is free but I have to start
charging for proficiency I'm good at it
but retracted bow bow
there's a resume here with personal
details I'm not going to say okay so the
write that you're you're you're saying
is what you work for normally at your
shop that's fair that is fair when
you're talking to actual range time
that's fair if you're doing a group as
you say that you have here
I wouldn't charge each of them that I
would maybe total double this amount and
break it up if you've got five people
split that up among the five that way it
is worth your time because if a side gig
like that can eventually kind of
overpower your life and you don't want
to become financially dependent on doing
it because you may decide that you don't
want to do do you check your patreon
message yes I do I do
between like on Twitter I probably get
30 40 direct messages a day same for
Facebook patreon I try to get them done
at night it doesn't always happen
normally on the weekends I run through
and try to get as many of them as I can
it's I was not prepared for this to
reach this level to be honest I didn't
expect it to blow up as quickly as it
did do not have the infrastructure that
a lot of operations on YouTube have it's
it's literally me my wife and Carrie
that that's that's the entirety of it
okay so how many languages how many and
which languages do you speak its
languages are perishable so if you don't
use them you lose them and passable in
English Spanish Russian I can get by in
a few other languages have a working
knowledge and Arabic know the basics of
Chinese little Irish enough to get to
from the airport to the hotel in a few
other languages but if you it's one of
those things there was a time when I was
fluent in in multiple languages but I
just don't use them as much so I've lost
it philosophically politically and
economically who are your biggest
influences Emma Goldman Sophie Scholl
Hunter s Thompson Thomas Paine Thomas
Jefferson mmm those were probably most
influential in the beginning and then I
started branching out and getting people
from other cultures had a lot of time to
read at one point and I although not
necessarily all of the militancy
I really liked the way Malcolm X thought
I like the way he processed things and I
think I learned a lot from that although
I tend to today agree more with the
Martin Luther King strategy you know
Karen a stick but a bigger carrot
thank you I'm us in assisted living this
looks like medical questions that my
wife has answered please tell people
there's a less sketchy way to deal with
a totally not talking about how the -
what is the Apple song my wife made a
joke about the applesauce the apple song
is something like I was just an Apple
sitting on a tree until you came along
and picked me it's for my kids toy it's
an it's not as significant as it has
been made out to be how do you keep all
of this from getting you down fighting a
battle every day for the survival of
humanity is a heavy burden when the odds
are stacked against us I mean when you
say it like that yeah it sounds heavy oh
no I
I enjoy the fight I do I enjoy being in
it as much as possible everybody has its
a fight that's gonna have to happen and
everybody has skills to contribute and I
enjoy and I'm happy that I have found my
place in that what is Nostradamus
forgive me if you've already done a
video about that Nostradamus was a
person or people who wrote a bunch of
cryptic messages that were interpreted
by various people to mean different
things because they were incredibly
vague and they could be applied to
different situations and then people
could always think that they were right
oh I'm sorry that says what is Q the
same thing if you put all cops in prison
and set all prisoners free will the
streets be more or less safe
if you're talking about minimum low most
medium yeah you could let them out
they're not a danger to society they
made a mistake the overwhelming majority
when you get to some of the maxes and
this isn't everybody on Macs either but
when you get to some of the the higher
level security places you know people
especially people who watch this channel
we like to believe that everybody's good
and most people are but there are bad
people out there and there are people
who will continue to wronged others
maybe they should be separated from
society in some way I don't believe the
current prison system is the way to do
it but I don't think that letting them
out necessarily is a good idea either
I'm hoping I'm getting the real meaning
of that question it's not easy to
discern truth from the news coming out
of North Korea what do you think is
really happening and what do you think
would happen if Kim doesn't recover I'm
not worried about it
authoritarian governments of any kind
they're based on hierarchy there will be
a successor in some rare instances you
have in fighting over who becomes the
next person but that normally doesn't
spill out onto the streets it's normally
like a palace coup kind of thing and
that's fine I would hope I would
actually hope that there are some
elements within his military that are
less propagandized and would be more
willing to come out and start engaging
in the international community a little
bit more so will you be my dad Harvard
he got a lot of kids um look I know that
a lot of younger people see me as a
father figure of sorts and that's fine
it's incredibly flattering I think
there's probably better role models out
there to be honest
let's see have you ever considered
writing a book about your past
experiences and rescue operations nice
way to put that I bet it would be
fascinating and there is a there's a
nice response there
you can't tell those stories without
telling how it's done and the methods in
which that kind of stuff is done hasn't
changed much and I wouldn't want to
impact somebody else that that's
currently trying to help people because
that type of stuff does save lives you
don't normally think of it as a rescue I
prefer the term emergency relocation but
it saves lives
and I wouldn't want to I wouldn't want
to undermine that maybe a fictional book
that doesn't actually include the
details maybe that's in the future but
as far as you know a story that's true
but the names have been changed to
protect the guilty probably not because
I don't foresee the tactics that get
used being changed anytime soon okay so
already in 11 minutes we're gonna go
ahead and this is good definitely going
to be two parts so we're going to stop
real quick and it'll come right back